Logan: Wait.
So you're saying
that we're good to go?
That we're gonna
make it to Thea?
I physically cannot repeat
myself again.
Well, halle-fucking-lujah!
-( laughing )
-Ha!
-Eric.
-Logan: What?
Guy who owned this.
Hey.
-He said that
was his name.
-( Logan scoffs )
-Where are you going?
-To find a bathroom.
Logan, I don't think
it's a good idea,
you going alone.
I'm not gonna drop dead, okay?
I got meds now.
But feel free
to keep fussing.
( scoffs )
( water flowing )
( Shun exhales )
Came this way.
Are you going to kill him?
( groaning )
( grunts ) Hey.
Hey, what the fuck
are you doing?
( grunts )
( Logan grunting )
Help!
Did you guys hear that?
( gasping )
( bones crack )
Logan: No!
( screams )
-( grunts )
-God damn it.
Get away from him.
Shun: Where is he?
Shun!
Fuck! ( groans )
Shit.
( groaning )
( powering up )
Baum: What happened to him?
Eric, he attacked him.
What do you mean "attacked"?
Katie: I don't know.
He tried to strangle him.
( Logan grunting )
-He was crying blood.
-Eric?
I'm sorry, what?
There was something
in his eye.
( shuddering )
I think it was alive.
automated voice: Ring 10.
Henri: Are you sure
he's on this level?
Shun: He left blood
on the button.
( wind howling )
-Shun: Let's go.
-Wait.
What're you doing?
( Henri breathing heavily )
Shun: What the fuck
is that thing?
I have no idea.
-( indistinct chatter )
-( music playing )
woman: Come on,
come on, come on.
Okay, okay. Okay, okay.
( laughs )
-I'm a chronic disorder?
-man: Yes. ( laughs )
Henri: I affect nerve tissue?
The spinal cord?
Yes!
( laughs )
Do I affect the eyes?
woman: Yes.
Am I Neuromyelitis Optica?
( all groaning )
Otherwise known
as Devic's Disease.
Yes!
Yes, yes! Got it.
( Henri laughs )
( all laughing )
( indistinct chatter )
I read your paper
on chain-terminating
inhibitors, Dr. Gasana.
It was fascinating.
I'd introduce myself,
but you seem to know
everything already.
Laura Kassman.
I'm with the government.
I'm flattered.
Didn't think you guys
made house calls or bar calls,
in this instance.
I wanted to see you
in your natural habitat.
I'm looking for a geneticist
with your specialism.
Someone who lives
and breathes his work.
You are looking at him.
So this is the guy
Rey crippled and Shun killed
because he was infected
with whatever made Eric crazy?
Just wanted everyone
to hear that out loud.
They both
came out of Cell 50.
Everyone else in there
is dead.
Just racking up the corpses,
aren't we?
I don't understand.
I thought the priority
was stopping Eric.
-( clattering )
-( Shun sighs )
It was.
But Henri...
We think we found something.
Abigail:
Keep the doors closed, okay?
Venisha: Do you have to
go with them?
I wanna help Henri.
( sighs )
Don't let them hurt Eric.
Not until we understand
what's going on.
Rey: Where's she going?
( exhales ) You don't
need to worry about it.
( groans )
I'm sorry about Taylor.
Abigail said that
you knew him.
Were you close?
I was in love with him.
I keep thinking
I could have saved him.
I should have stopped him
going to Cell 50.
I don't know how to do this.
A part of me is just gone.
It will start to repair.
It always does.
Just give me something.
Just give me anything
that will make me forget.
( sighs )
Here.
-( groans )
-Slowly, slowly.
Katie: What's he gonna do?
Logan: I don't know.
This is everything
we could find.
Thought it might be that.
Everyone back.
What the hell is that thing?
Amputation laser.
Keep it pointing
at the body, Doc.
Gurney, please.
Abigail: On three.
One, two, three!
( all grunt )
( body thuds )
You're gonna cut him open.
Wait, what?
I need to look inside.
Do we have to be here?
It's safer
if you stay with us.
Someone needs
to keep him upright.
( scoffs ) No chance.
Just don't get my fingers.
( device pulsing )
I'm not hungry.
Eat.
I need you sober
for this.
And you'll need to
sign an NDA.
( drone whirring )
automated voice:
Welcome, Dr. Gasana.
Enjoy your visit.
Commencing analysis.
Mapping genome.
It's all top-of-the-range.
I didn't think we had labs
like this.
-In South Africa.
-automated voice: Data...
Henri: What exactly
do you do here?
Matters of national
security, mostly.
-Special assignments.
-automated voice:
Loading data...
Unfortunately,
our latest project has, uh,
somewhat hit a brick wall.
-That's why you came to me.
-automated voice:
Results due in...
You're an expert
in DNA-targeted systems.
I understand your focus is
designing them to treat rare
diseases, correct?
It's a little
more complicated,
but that's the idea.
automated voice:
Results due in one...
We're using
the same technology,
only we want it
to do the opposite.
We want to target
specific cells
in an individual's DNA,
and trigger a disease.
Why?
Jokonya?
Laura: Since his rise to power,
hundreds of thousands
of refugees have poured
across the border,
fleeing his country
into ours.
All of them desperate,
all in need of food
and shelter.
We're simply not equipped
for this level of crisis.
You mean the government
can't afford the cost?
People are dying, Dr. Gasana.
In less than a year,
we'll hit famine.
( sighs )
hen there'll be rioting,
and next, civil war.
Unless Jokonya
is stopped.
You want to assassinate him?
It's a little
more complicated,
but that's the idea.
If Jokonya's regime
continues,
South Africa will come
apart at the seams.
We need an untraceable weapon.
Something that can never
be tracked back to us.
We're trying to save
hundreds of thousands
of lives.
At the cost of one.
-( device pulsing )
-( all grunting )
Logan: Jesus Christ!
( gasps )
-( coughing )
-Hmm.
Abigail:
God, what is that stuff?
Lana: We saw it in Cell 50.
The whole place
was covered in it.
( Abigail groaning )
( Logan coughs )
Abigail: Oh... ( winces )
Oh, my God!
Ugh!
What the fuck is that thing?
Jesus Christ.
Is it still alive?
No, I think it's decomposing.
You think?
Wait, what are you gonna do?
We gotta blast
the body into space.
Right? Get rid of it.
Do you understand what this is?
We're looking at first contact.
Fuck first contact.
One of those things
tried to squirm inside
my head.
If we destroy it,
we lose all capacity
to understand...
We don't need
to understand it.
That sent Taylor homicidal,
and there's a live one
in Eric.
What we need
is to kill it.
( sighs )
We have no idea what this
creature is capable of.
Or how it dies.
Bullets worked
with Taylor.
-I'll hedge my bets.
-( gun cocks )
-I'm coming with you.
-No, you're not.
-I wasn't asking.
-No use to me on this, Lana.
I made the wrong call
with Taylor.
I won't this time.
-Where do we start?
-Shun: Ring 10.
That's where he was last.
( grunts )
( panting )
( groaning )
Abigail:
Can you tell us anything?
Henri: It's insect-like.
Invertebrate.
No indication that flesh
has been eaten away.
It's formed
semi-permanent bonds
in the brain,
reminiscent of obligate
parasites on Earth.
English, please,
Dr. Frankenstein.
There are species
that survive or reproduce
by entering a host.
They can be capable of
drastically altering behavior,
or at times,
entirely controlling
their mental faculties.
You're saying this thing
might've controlled Taylor
in the same way?
If the creature
is controlling the brain,
it's tapping into
higher mental processes.
( clatters )
Eric: ( over speakers) Hello?
( Eric exhales )
Please, somebody.
Who is this?
Eric: Venisha?
( device beeps )
Eric, I can't talk to you.
Eric: ( panting )
Venisha, please. Please.
I don't know
what's wrong with me.
I keep blacking out,
and there's whole chunks
of my memory missing.
I don't remember
what I've done.
There's blood all over me,
and I think...
Did I try and hurt that woman?
( Eric panting )
( device beeps )
The others said
you tried to kill her.
Oh, God, I don't remember.
( sobs )
What's happening to me?
( inhales and exhales )
There's something
wrong with me.
I deserve to die.
-( beeps )
-You don't say that.
We all came here
for a second chance.
( sniffles ) I know.
( winces and sighs )
Thank you.
Thank you for talking to me.
I'm glad I'm not alone.
-( beeps )
-Where are you?
( sighs )
Henri: One of you,
help me with him.
Let's go.
No, thank you.
I need to move him
before the body decays.
Sorry, Doc. Screw that.
Eric's still out there.
All right, let's go.
If you see Eric,
drop him and run.
Okay.
( grunts )
Trial 45910.
-Batch 86-B.
-( mice squeaking )
( switch clicks )
-( sizzling )
-( mice squeaking )
man: It killed
them all again.
( all whisper indistinctly )
Henri: I can see that.
Still addressing
too many genes.
We'll get there, Doctor.
Laura: What was that?
Henri: Batch 86-B.
Don't get smart.
Isn't that why you hired me?
That was the fourth trial
in as many weeks.
Where's my invisible bullet,
Dr. Gasana?
You have your bullet.
It's the invisible part
that's problematic.
You're insisting we use
a brain-based virus
to carry the system.
Because we're triggering
a brain tumor.
They're hereditary
in Jokonya's family.
It's the perfect cover.
Fine, but that's what
makes this almost impossible.
I have to neutralize
the virus so that none
of the carriers before
or after Jokonya
gets seriously sick.
This isn't something
that can happen overnight.
-( beeps )
-Dr. Theron, please.
( door opens )
( door closes )
Dr. Theron, meet Dr. Gasana.
Heard a lot about you.
Who the hell is he?
Competition drives results.
We both know that.
Good luck.
( shudders )
It's freezing in here.
What is this place?
( indistinct radio chatter )
( clatters )
Shun: Cover me!
( static crackling )
( metallic clang )
( banging on door )
-Fuck!
-Lana: Come on.
( Shun grunts )
( panting ) For someone
who's not a doctor,
you really seemed to know
what you were doing in there.
Turn him, please.
How do you know all this?
Check on Rey.
Henri?
Rey? Rey.
Wake up!
Henri, I left her
with Venisha.
( grunting )
( steam hissing )
Lana: Hello?
( grunts )
Can anyone hear us?
Hello.
Lana.
Henri, we're locked
in the morgue.
Ring 10.
( water dripping )
( shuddering )
( thud )
Hello?
Eric?
Eric, are you in there?
Eric, where are you?
-Eric: You came.
-( gasps )
( sighs )
He led Shun and Lana there.
He's clever, isn't he?
( breathing heavily )
Trial 45937.
-Batch 16-C.
-( mice squeaking )
( beeps )
-There's your invisible bullet.
-( man chuckles )
reporter:
...across the capital,
Jokonya's death from
a hereditary brain tumor
and cries for immediate
democratic election.
...while the president's family
remain in grief.
Laura: Well done, Dr. Gasana.
You just changed history.
reporter:
...of the world's most
brutal dictatorships.
Congratulations.
( breathing heavily )
Lana: Shun. Shun.
The cold air,
it's coming from up there.
We've got to
break that thing.
No, glass bullets.
It'll shatter.
We need something
to take it out.
Stop the ventilation.
( Shun grunting )
Don't move.
( grunts )
Don't move, I said.
I don't know if you're
telling me the truth
or if you're still dangerous.
Stay back!
( exhales )
You think I'm a monster, too.
I don't know what to think.
-( grunts and winces )
-Eric, stay back.
( groaning )
Eric.
I understand.
I understand
if you can't trust me.
( groans )
( panting )
I'm sorry.
For everything.
( Venisha whimpers )
Eric.
Eric, come on,
come on.
Eric.
( gasps )
Thank you for believing me.
( screams and grunts )
( Venisha screaming )
Help!
That sounded like...
Venisha.
Get to Shun and Lana.
-Wait, what are you gonna do?
-Go.
Be careful.
( Shun grunting )
( rod clatters )
( breathing heavily )
( groaning )
( screams )
-( clatters )
-( screams )
Lana: Are you okay?
Shun! Fuck.
( groans )
Fuck.
-( screams )
-Shun!
Hey, hey, look at me.
Don't, Lana.
( panting )
( groaning )
( rod clatters )
( panting )
It stopped, it worked.
( Venisha shrieking )
( Eric retches )
( choking )
( retching and gasping )
Henri: Eric!
( both grunting )
-( screaming )
-( Venisha screams )
( Henri grunts )
( Eric grunts )
( Venisha whimpers )
( screaming )
( both grunting)
I just want to live.
( panting )
Shun!
Shun, hold on.
( banging on door )
( gasps )
Abigail: It's me.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
-Lana, is he...
-He's alive.
Help me get him up. Come on.
-( grunts )
-( screams )
( Venisha yelps )
( Eric groaning )
-( Venisha cries )
-( grunts )
( Venisha screams )
Open the door!
( Venisha screaming )
Eric: Let me out!
Let me out!
Do it!
No. No.
( mouths ) I'm sorry.
( Venisha whimpers )
Venisha: No!
automated voice:
Purging air lock in ten,
nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four,
-three, two, one.
-( Venisha screams )
( airlock hisses )
( breathing shakily )
( retches )
( door opens )
Never feels the way
you expect.
I didn't think
about his family.
They're suffering.
But think of
the many who aren't
because of what we've done.
The world is full of those
who will never understand
what it means to sacrifice
the few for the many.
But you and I,
we're willing
to bear the scar
for people who will
never know our names.
And that is what
makes us heroes.
You okay?
What happened?
Eric's gone.
Venisha's gone, too.
( sobbing )
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Shun: Thanks.
No problem.
I didn't mean the bandage.
You didn't have
to come with me.
Don't forget, I nearly let
Taylor kill you, so, sorry.
Again.
You know,
it takes a real asshole
to make someone apologize for
not being able to kill a man.
So, maybe the two
can cancel each other out?
We can get
one of those things.
( clicks tongue )
What do you call them?
SIREN mentioned them
once or twice.
A blank slate.
( chuckles )
( sighs ) Sounds good.
What? I can cook.
You all right, Doc?
( plate clatters )
Should we say something?
-Um, we don't have to.
-Henri: No.
We should.
She didn't deserve to die.
What was she even
doing down there?
I think she was trying
to save him.
Couldn't you have
gotten her out?
Let's just try and eat.
Venisha.
-Venisha.
( rumbling )
( chiming )
( yawns )
automated voice: All doors
to Crew Quarters unlocked.
It's done.
Don't you wanna
get some sleep?
Not yet.
( door opens )
( door closes )
Captain's quarters.
Sweet dreams.
-( beeping )
-( door opens )
Are you gonna be
all right?
You saved us, you know.
-( beeps )
-( door opens, closes )
So thanks for, uh...
Just thanks. ( chuckles )
Uh...
-( beeps )
-( door closes )
Okay.
( beeping )
( whirring )
( inaudible )
( sobbing softly )
( beeps )